This is a document all about Christian. Christian was born on February 20, 2002 in Overland Park, Kansas. At the age of 9, he moved to Glen Mills, Pennsylvania where he resides today. In Glen Mills, Christian attended Garnet Valley High School. In college, Christian obtained a bachelor's degree in computer engineering from Stevens Institute of Technology. He is currently pursuing a masters degree in Applied Artificial Intelligence at Stevens Institute of Technology. In his free time, Christian enjoys playing video games. His favorite video game is Dark Souls 3. Another video game he likes is Rocket League. Christian also enjoys listening to music. His favorite genre is rap but he also likes rock as well. His favorite rap artist is Lil Uzi Vert. His favorite Lil Uzi Vert song is called “1600”. Christian’s favorite rock artist is Deftones and his favorite Deftones song is called “entombed.” Christian also enjoys working out. Specifically, he likes to lift weights and run short distances. In high school and college, Christian was on the track and field team. His main events were the 400 meter dash and the 200 meter dash. His personal record in the 400 meter dash is 51.2 seconds. In college, Christian became a member of Theta Xi fraternity Gamma chapter at Stevens Institute of Technology. His favorite color is purple. His favorite food is a good bacon cheeseburger. His favorite drink is Dr. Pepper. Christian also like to buy clothes. He really enjoys thrifting and thinks that the New York City area has the best thrift stores in the world. Christian also does a bit of skateboarding, although he is not very good at it. On the skateboard, he knows how to do an ollie, pop-shuv it and backside 180. Some of Christians strengths include his ability to research and learn, his persistence and his empathy for others. A weakness of Christian is that he often finds himself procrastinating. Christian’s goals for the future include completing his masters, securing a job in artificial intelligence and moving back to the North Jersey/New York City Area. A list of some of Christians skills include Python, Java, C++, PyTorch, TensorFlow, OpenCV, Pandas and LangChain. Christian has had one internship where he worked at Curtiss-Wright as a software engineering intern during summer 2023. In this role he developed a python script that merged, cleaned and graphed company test result data. He also developed a Java application that wirelessly interfaced with Curtiss-Wright fan controller units to provide a GUI for controlling fans connected to the unit. Christian spent a summer working as a research assistant at Stevens Institute of Technology where he wrote a python script to web scrape a large amount of posts from a video game development forum. Christian also has an interest in cars. His dream car is a bmw M5. A unique project that Christian has worked on is this chatbot. To achieve the functionality of this chatbot he used a technique called Retrieval Augmented Generation, which allows a large language model to reference a document containing information about Christian. Another one of Christian’s hobbies is building computers. He has built several of his own computers and also builds them for friends. Christian is an only child. Christian has a dog named Molly. In college, Christian earned membership in the Eta Kappa Nu IEEE Honor society as well as the Tau Beta Pi Engineering honor society. Christian’s favorite movie franchise is Pirates of the Caribbean. His two favorite shows are Smiling Friends and Breaking Bad. Christian’s favorite youtuber is Videogame Dunkey. Christian has professional certifications from IBM in AI Engineering and as an AI Developer. One of Christian’s personal projects was training a convolutional neural network to classify images of concrete as having a crack or not having a crack. 
